M - Turbulence (Random; make self unstable)
  - Gust (Knockback; poisebreak)
  - Cyclone (Spiral; twisty; lift)
  - Cooling
  - Vacuum (Gather/grapple)
  - 


1st form: Gust Wall

This knocks enemies over or breaks their poise, giving a small window of time to execute an attack.

Hold attack to charge up a strong gust, then tap attack to fan it out.


2nd form: Updraft

With a giant leap forward toward the enemy, a cut is aimed towards the enemy's legs, lifting them upwards with their body now horizontal, stomach facing the ground.

Tap space to leap forward, then hold space at the same time as tapping attack to charge up a large upwards jump while cutting at the enemy's legs. Then, release space to do a powerful upwards jump with the enemy being pushed upwards by the shoulder of the swordsman.


3rd form: Eye of the Storm

The swordsman midair arches their back violently with their sword well over their head, extending to behind their back, creating a sudden vacuum that pulls the enemy towards them. Then, they explode out the vacuum along with a downwards blow that catches the enemy and launches them straight towards the ground.

Attack, attack, space are tapped in quick succession to quickly arch the back, creating the vacuum, and all nearby enemies pull in towards the swordsman. Then, at the right moment, attack is tapped to release the pent up energy, hopefully catching an enemy and launching them straight towards the ground.


4th form: Compression

The swordsman, now seeing the enemy on their stomach on the ground, leaps off their sword to follow them downwards at an extremely swift speed. The moment before smacking onto the ground, the swordsman unleashes a horizontal spin, forcing all the downwards air pressure onto the enemy on the ground, pressing them into the ground at an unbearable amount. Then, due to being stopped midair, the swordsman performs a vertical spin, tracing a line from the top of the head of the enemy to the bottom of its lower back.

Tap space at the same time as holding attack to jump off the wing weapon and hold it over the swordsman's head, heading feet first with weapon charging for the two blows (the weapon clicks and then starts whistling as they're traveling down to signify it's ready for the two blows). Then, before touching the ground (the further away from the enemy/ground you are, the less of a compression they get), tap space and attack to perform the horizontal spin attack/helicopter, then after that, tap attack to perform the head to derriere cut on the enemy.


